docs/dockerhub-README.md, before:

# RAPIDS - Open GPU Data Science

## What is RAPIDS?

Visit [rapids.ai](http://rapids.ai) for more information.

The RAPIDS suite of software libraries gives you the freedom to execute end-to-end data science and analytics pipelines entirely on GPUs. It relies on NVIDIA® CUDA® primitives for low-level compute optimization, but exposes that GPU parallelism and high-bandwidth memory speed through user-friendly Python interfaces.

### Current Version

#### RAPIDS 0.5.1 - 26 Feb 2019

Versions of libraries included in the `0.5` [images](#rapids-0-5-images):
- `cuDF` [v0.5.1](https://github.com/rapidsai/cudf/tree/v0.5.1), `cuML` [v0.5.1](https://github.com/rapidsai/cuml/tree/v0.5.1), `RMM` [v0.5.0](https://github.com/rapidsai/RMM/tree/v0.5.0)
- `xgboost` [branch](https://github.com/rapidsai/xgboost/tree/cudf-mnmg-abi), `dask-xgboost` [branch](https://github.com/rapidsai/dask-xgboost/tree/dask-cudf), `dask-cudf` [branch](https://github.com/rapidsai/dask-cudf), `dask-cuda` [branch](https://github.com/rapidsai/dask-cuda)

Updates & changes
- Added [CentOS 7 images](#centos-7)
- Reduced the number of example notebooks in the `runtime/devel` containers

### Former Versions

#### RAPIDS 0.5.1 - 08 Feb 2019

- Updated containers with `v0.5.1` release of cuDf & cuML

#### RAPIDS 0.5 - 31 Jan 2019

- Published containers for `v0.5.0` release of cuDF, cuML & RMM

#### RAPIDS 0.4 - 05 Dec 2018

Versions of libraries included in the `0.4` [images](#rapids-04-images):
- `cuDF` [v0.4.0](https://github.com/rapidsai/cudf/tree/v0.4.0), `cuML` [v0.4.0](https://github.com/rapidsai/cuml/tree/v0.4.0)
- `xgboost`, `dask-xgboost`, `dask-cudf`

### Tags

The RAPIDS image is based on [nvidia/cuda](https://hub.docker.com/r/nvidia/cuda).
This means it is a drop-in replacement, making it easy to gain the RAPIDS
libraries while maintaining support for existing CUDA applications.

RAPIDS images come in three types:

- `base` - contains a RAPIDS environment ready for use.<br/>Use this image if you want to use RAPIDS as a part of your pipeline.
- `runtime` - extends the `base` image by adding a notebook server and example notebooks.<br/>Use this image if you want to explore RAPIDS through notebooks and examples.
- `devel` - extends the `runtime` image by adding the compiler toolchain, the debugging tools, the headers and the static libraries for RAPIDS development.<br/>Use this image to develop RAPIDS from source.

#### Common Tags

For most users the `runtime` image will be sufficient to get started with RAPIDS,
you can use the following tags to pull the latest stable image:
- `latest` or `cuda9.2-runtime-ubuntu16.04` <br/>with `gcc 5.4` and `Python 3.6`
- `cuda10.0-runtime-ubuntu16.04`<br/>with `gcc 7.3` and `Python 3.6`

#### Other Tags

View the full [tag list](#full-tag-list) for all available images.

## Prerequisites

* NVIDIA Pascal™ GPU architecture or better
* CUDA [9.2](https://developer.nvidia.com/cuda-92-download-archive) or [10.0](https://developer.nvidia.com/cuda-downloads) compatible NVIDIA driver
* Ubuntu 16.04/18.04 or CentOS 7
* Docker CE v18+
* [nvidia-docker](https://github.com/nvidia/nvidia-docker/wiki/Installation-(version-2.0)) v2+

## Usage

### Start Container and Notebook Server

```bash
$ docker pull rapidsai/rapidsai:cuda9.2-runtime-ubuntu16.04
$ docker run --runtime=nvidia \
        --rm -it \
        -p 8888:8888 \
        -p 8787:8787 \
        -p 8786:8786 \
        rapidsai/rapidsai:cuda9.2-runtime-ubuntu16.04
(rapids) root@container:/rapids/notebooks# bash utils/start-jupyter.sh
```
**NOTE:** This will run [JupyterLab](https://jupyterlab.readthedocs.io/en/stable/) on port 8888 on your host machine.

### Use JupyterLab to Explore the Notebooks

Notebooks can be found in two directories within the container:

* `/rapids/notebooks/cuml` - cuML demo notebooks
  * These notebooks have data pre-loaded in the container image and will be decompressed by the notebooks
* `/rapids/notebooks/mortgage` - cuDF, Dask, XGBoost demo notebook
  * This notebook requires download of [Mortgage Data](https://rapidsai.github.io/demos/datasets/mortgage-data), see notebook `E2E.ipynb` for more details

### Custom Data and Advanced Usage

You are free to modify the above steps. For example, you can launch an interactive session with your own data:

    docker run --runtime=nvidia \
               --rm -it \
               -p 8888:8888 \
               -p 8787:8787 \
               -p 8786:8786 \
               -v /path/to/host/data:/rapids/my_data
               rapidsai/rapidsai:cuda9.2-runtime-ubuntu16.04

This will map data from your host operating system to the container OS in the `/rapids/my_data` directory. You may need to modify the provided notebooks for the new data paths. 

### Access Documentation within Notebooks

You can check the documentation for RAPIDS APIs inside the JupyterLab notebook using a `?` command, like this:

    [1] ?cudf.read_csv

This prints the function signature and its usage documentation. If this is not enough, you can see the full code for the function using `??`:

    [1] ??pygdf.read_csv

Check out the RAPIDS [documentation](http://rapids.ai/start.html) for more detailed information and a RAPIDS [cheat sheet](https://rapids.ai/files/cheatsheet.pdf).

## More Information

Check out the [cuDF](https://rapidsai.github.io/projects/cudf/en/latest), [cuML](https://rapidsai.github.io/projects/cuml/en/latest), and [XGBoost](https://xgboost.readthedocs.io/en/latest/) API docs.

Learn how to setup a mult-node cuDF and XGBoost data preparation and distributed training environment by following the [mortgage data example notebook and scripts](https://github.com/rapidsai/notebooks).

## Where can I get help or file bugs/requests?

Please submit issues with the container to this GitHub repository: [https://github.com/rapidsai/demos](https://github.com/rapidsai/demos/issues/new)

For issues with RAPIDS libraries like cuDF, cuML, RMM, or others file an issue in the related GitHub project.

Additional help can be found on [Stack Overflow](https://stackoverflow.com/tags/rapids) or [Google Groups](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/rapidsai).

## Full Tag List

Using the image types [above](#tags) `base`, `runtime`, or `devel` we use the following
tag naming scheme for RAPIDS images:

```
0.5-cuda9.2-devel-ubuntu16.04-gcc5-py3.6
 ^       ^    ^        ^         ^    ^
 |       |    type     |         |    python version
 |       |             |         |
 |       cuda version  |         gcc version
 |                     |
 RAPIDS version        linux version
 ```

### RAPIDS 0.5 Images

#### Ubuntu 16.04

All `ubuntu16.04` images use `gcc 5.4`

**CUDA 9.2**

| Short Tags | Full Tag | Image Type | Python Version |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| `cuda9.2-base-ubuntu16.04` | `0.5-cuda9.2-base-ubuntu16.04-gcc5-py3.6` | base | 3.6 |
| - | `0.5-cuda9.2-base-ubuntu16.04-gcc5-py3.7` | base | 3.7 |
| `latest`<br>or<br>`cuda9.2-runtime-ubuntu16.04` | `0.5-cuda9.2-runtime-ubuntu16.04-gcc5-py3.6` | runtime | 3.6 |
| - | `0.5-cuda9.2-runtime-ubuntu16.04-gcc5-py3.7` | runtime | 3.7 |
| `cuda9.2-devel-ubuntu16.04` | `0.5-cuda9.2-devel-ubuntu16.04-gcc5-py3.6` | devel | 3.6 |
| - | `0.5-cuda9.2-devel-ubuntu16.04-gcc5-py3.7` | devel | 3.7 |

**CUDA 10.0**

| Short Tags | Full Tag | Image Type | Python Version |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| `cuda10.0-base-ubuntu16.04` | `0.5-cuda10.0-base-ubuntu16.04-gcc5-py3.6` | base | 3.6 |
| - | `0.5-cuda10.0-base-ubuntu16.04-gcc5-py3.7` | base | 3.7 |
| `cuda10.0-runtime-ubuntu16.04` | `0.5-cuda10.0-runtime-ubuntu16.04-gcc5-py3.6` | runtime | 3.6 |
| - | `0.5-cuda10.0-runtime-ubuntu16.04-gcc5-py3.7` | runtime | 3.7 |
| `cuda10.0-devel-ubuntu16.04` | `0.5-cuda10.0-devel-ubuntu16.04-gcc5-py3.6` | devel | 3.6 |
| - | `0.5-cuda10.0-devel-ubuntu16.04-gcc5-py3.7` | devel | 3.7 |

#### Ubuntu 18.04

All `ubuntu18.04` images use `gcc 7.3`

**CUDA 9.2**

| Short Tags | Full Tag | Image Type | Python Version |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| `cuda9.2-base-ubuntu18.04` | `0.5-cuda9.2-base-ubuntu18.04-gcc7-py3.6` | base | 3.6 |
| - | `0.5-cuda9.2-base-ubuntu18.04-gcc7-py3.7` | base | 3.7 |
| `cuda9.2-runtime-ubuntu18.04` | `0.5-cuda9.2-runtime-ubuntu18.04-gcc7-py3.6` | runtime | 3.6 |
| - | `0.5-cuda9.2-runtime-ubuntu18.04-gcc7-py3.7` | runtime | 3.7 |
| `cuda9.2-devel-ubuntu18.04` | `0.5-cuda9.2-devel-ubuntu18.04-gcc7-py3.6` | devel | 3.6 |
| - | `0.5-cuda9.2-devel-ubuntu18.04-gcc7-py3.7` | devel | 3.7 |

**CUDA 10.0**

| Short Tags | Full Tag | Image Type | Python Version |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| `cuda10.0-base-ubuntu18.04` | `0.5-cuda10.0-base-ubuntu18.04-gcc7-py3.6` | base | 3.6 |
| - | `0.5-cuda10.0-base-ubuntu18.04-gcc7-py3.7` | base | 3.7 |
| `cuda10.0-runtime-ubuntu18.04` | `0.5-cuda10.0-runtime-ubuntu18.04-gcc7-py3.6` | runtime | 3.6 |
| - | `0.5-cuda10.0-runtime-ubuntu18.04-gcc7-py3.7` | runtime | 3.7 |
| `cuda10.0-devel-ubuntu18.04` | `0.5-cuda10.0-devel-ubuntu18.04-gcc7-py3.6` | devel | 3.6 |
| - | `0.5-cuda10.0-devel-ubuntu18.04-gcc7-py3.7` | devel | 3.7 |

#### CentOS 7

All `centos7` images use `gcc 7.3`

**CUDA 9.2**

| Short Tags | Full Tag | Image Type | Python Version |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| `cuda9.2-base-centos7` | `0.5-cuda9.2-base-centos7-gcc7-py3.6` | base | 3.6 |
| - | `0.5-cuda9.2-base-centos7-gcc7-py3.7` | base | 3.7 |
| `cuda9.2-runtime-centos7` | `0.5-cuda9.2-runtime-centos7-gcc7-py3.6` | runtime | 3.6 |
| - | `0.5-cuda9.2-runtime-centos7-gcc7-py3.7` | runtime | 3.7 |
| `cuda9.2-devel-centos7` | `0.5-cuda9.2-devel-centos7-gcc7-py3.6` | devel | 3.6 |
| - | `0.5-cuda9.2-devel-centos7-gcc7-py3.7` | devel | 3.7 |

**CUDA 10.0**

| Short Tags | Full Tag | Image Type | Python Version |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| `cuda10.0-base-centos7` | `0.5-cuda10.0-base-centos7-gcc7-py3.6` | base | 3.6 |
| - | `0.5-cuda10.0-base-centos7-gcc7-py3.7` | base | 3.7 |
| `cuda10.0-runtime-centos7` | `0.5-cuda10.0-runtime-centos7-gcc7-py3.6` | runtime | 3.6 |
| - | `0.5-cuda10.0-runtime-centos7-gcc7-py3.7` | runtime | 3.7 |
| `cuda10.0-devel-centos7` | `0.5-cuda10.0-devel-centos7-gcc7-py3.6` | devel | 3.6 |
| - | `0.5-cuda10.0-devel-centos7-gcc7-py3.7` | devel | 3.7 |

### RAPIDS 0.4 Images

**NOTE:** This release uses *non-standard* lables but have been kept for legacy users.

#### Ubuntu 16.04

All `ubuntu16.04` images use `gcc 5.4`

**CUDA 9.2**

| Full Tag | Image Type | Python Version | Notes |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| `cuda9.2_ubuntu16.04` | runtime | 3.5 | `jupyter` user by default |
| `cuda9.2_ubuntu16.04_root` | runtime | 3.5 | `root` user by default |

**CUDA 10.0**

| Full Tag | Image Type | Python Version | Notes |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| `cuda10.0_ubuntu16.04` | runtime | 3.5 | `jupyter` user by default |
| `cuda10.0_ubuntu16.04_root` | runtime | 3.5 | `root` user by default |

Commit message:

DOC Add note advising users to review prereqs

docs/dockerhub-README.md, after:

# RAPIDS - Open GPU Data Science

## What is RAPIDS?

Visit [rapids.ai](http://rapids.ai) for more information.

The RAPIDS suite of software libraries gives you the freedom to execute end-to-end data science and analytics pipelines entirely on GPUs. It relies on NVIDIA® CUDA® primitives for low-level compute optimization, but exposes that GPU parallelism and high-bandwidth memory speed through user-friendly Python interfaces.

**NOTE:** Review our [prerequisites](#prerequisites) section to ensure your system meets the minimum requirements for RAPIDS.

### Current Version

#### RAPIDS 0.5.1 - 26 Feb 2019

Versions of libraries included in the `0.5` [images](#rapids-0-5-images):
- `cuDF` [v0.5.1](https://github.com/rapidsai/cudf/tree/v0.5.1), `cuML` [v0.5.1](https://github.com/rapidsai/cuml/tree/v0.5.1), `RMM` [v0.5.0](https://github.com/rapidsai/RMM/tree/v0.5.0)
- `xgboost` [branch](https://github.com/rapidsai/xgboost/tree/cudf-mnmg-abi), `dask-xgboost` [branch](https://github.com/rapidsai/dask-xgboost/tree/dask-cudf), `dask-cudf` [branch](https://github.com/rapidsai/dask-cudf), `dask-cuda` [branch](https://github.com/rapidsai/dask-cuda)

Updates & changes
- Added [CentOS 7 images](#centos-7)
- Reduced the number of example notebooks in the `runtime/devel` containers

### Former Versions

#### RAPIDS 0.5.1 - 08 Feb 2019

- Updated containers with `v0.5.1` release of cuDf & cuML

#### RAPIDS 0.5 - 31 Jan 2019

- Published containers for `v0.5.0` release of cuDF, cuML & RMM

#### RAPIDS 0.4 - 05 Dec 2018

Versions of libraries included in the `0.4` [images](#rapids-04-images):
- `cuDF` [v0.4.0](https://github.com/rapidsai/cudf/tree/v0.4.0), `cuML` [v0.4.0](https://github.com/rapidsai/cuml/tree/v0.4.0)
- `xgboost`, `dask-xgboost`, `dask-cudf`

### Tags

The RAPIDS image is based on [nvidia/cuda](https://hub.docker.com/r/nvidia/cuda).
This means it is a drop-in replacement, making it easy to gain the RAPIDS
libraries while maintaining support for existing CUDA applications.

RAPIDS images come in three types:

- `base` - contains a RAPIDS environment ready for use.<br/>Use this image if you want to use RAPIDS as a part of your pipeline.
- `runtime` - extends the `base` image by adding a notebook server and example notebooks.<br/>Use this image if you want to explore RAPIDS through notebooks and examples.
- `devel` - extends the `runtime` image by adding the compiler toolchain, the debugging tools, the headers and the static libraries for RAPIDS development.<br/>Use this image to develop RAPIDS from source.

#### Common Tags

For most users the `runtime` image will be sufficient to get started with RAPIDS,
you can use the following tags to pull the latest stable image:
- `latest` or `cuda9.2-runtime-ubuntu16.04` <br/>with `gcc 5.4` and `Python 3.6`
- `cuda10.0-runtime-ubuntu16.04`<br/>with `gcc 7.3` and `Python 3.6`

#### Other Tags

View the full [tag list](#full-tag-list) for all available images.

## Prerequisites

* NVIDIA Pascal™ GPU architecture or better
* CUDA [9.2](https://developer.nvidia.com/cuda-92-download-archive) or [10.0](https://developer.nvidia.com/cuda-downloads) compatible NVIDIA driver
* Ubuntu 16.04/18.04 or CentOS 7
* Docker CE v18+
* [nvidia-docker](https://github.com/nvidia/nvidia-docker/wiki/Installation-(version-2.0)) v2+

## Usage

### Start Container and Notebook Server

```bash
$ docker pull rapidsai/rapidsai:cuda9.2-runtime-ubuntu16.04
$ docker run --runtime=nvidia \
        --rm -it \
        -p 8888:8888 \
        -p 8787:8787 \
        -p 8786:8786 \
        rapidsai/rapidsai:cuda9.2-runtime-ubuntu16.04
(rapids) root@container:/rapids/notebooks# bash utils/start-jupyter.sh
```
**NOTE:** This will run [JupyterLab](https://jupyterlab.readthedocs.io/en/stable/) on port 8888 on your host machine.

### Use JupyterLab to Explore the Notebooks

Notebooks can be found in two directories within the container:

* `/rapids/notebooks/cuml` - cuML demo notebooks
  * These notebooks have data pre-loaded in the container image and will be decompressed by the notebooks
* `/rapids/notebooks/mortgage` - cuDF, Dask, XGBoost demo notebook
  * This notebook requires download of [Mortgage Data](https://rapidsai.github.io/demos/datasets/mortgage-data), see notebook `E2E.ipynb` for more details

### Custom Data and Advanced Usage

You are free to modify the above steps. For example, you can launch an interactive session with your own data:

    docker run --runtime=nvidia \
               --rm -it \
               -p 8888:8888 \
               -p 8787:8787 \
               -p 8786:8786 \
               -v /path/to/host/data:/rapids/my_data
               rapidsai/rapidsai:cuda9.2-runtime-ubuntu16.04

This will map data from your host operating system to the container OS in the `/rapids/my_data` directory. You may need to modify the provided notebooks for the new data paths. 

### Access Documentation within Notebooks

You can check the documentation for RAPIDS APIs inside the JupyterLab notebook using a `?` command, like this:

    [1] ?cudf.read_csv

This prints the function signature and its usage documentation. If this is not enough, you can see the full code for the function using `??`:

    [1] ??pygdf.read_csv

Check out the RAPIDS [documentation](http://rapids.ai/start.html) for more detailed information and a RAPIDS [cheat sheet](https://rapids.ai/files/cheatsheet.pdf).

## More Information

Check out the [cuDF](https://rapidsai.github.io/projects/cudf/en/latest), [cuML](https://rapidsai.github.io/projects/cuml/en/latest), and [XGBoost](https://xgboost.readthedocs.io/en/latest/) API docs.

Learn how to setup a mult-node cuDF and XGBoost data preparation and distributed training environment by following the [mortgage data example notebook and scripts](https://github.com/rapidsai/notebooks).

## Where can I get help or file bugs/requests?

Please submit issues with the container to this GitHub repository: [https://github.com/rapidsai/demos](https://github.com/rapidsai/demos/issues/new)

For issues with RAPIDS libraries like cuDF, cuML, RMM, or others file an issue in the related GitHub project.

Additional help can be found on [Stack Overflow](https://stackoverflow.com/tags/rapids) or [Google Groups](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/rapidsai).

## Full Tag List

Using the image types [above](#tags) `base`, `runtime`, or `devel` we use the following
tag naming scheme for RAPIDS images:

```
0.5-cuda9.2-devel-ubuntu16.04-gcc5-py3.6
 ^       ^    ^        ^         ^    ^
 |       |    type     |         |    python version
 |       |             |         |
 |       cuda version  |         gcc version
 |                     |
 RAPIDS version        linux version
 ```

### RAPIDS 0.5 Images

#### Ubuntu 16.04

All `ubuntu16.04` images use `gcc 5.4`

**CUDA 9.2**

| Short Tags | Full Tag | Image Type | Python Version |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| `cuda9.2-base-ubuntu16.04` | `0.5-cuda9.2-base-ubuntu16.04-gcc5-py3.6` | base | 3.6 |
| - | `0.5-cuda9.2-base-ubuntu16.04-gcc5-py3.7` | base | 3.7 |
| `latest`<br>or<br>`cuda9.2-runtime-ubuntu16.04` | `0.5-cuda9.2-runtime-ubuntu16.04-gcc5-py3.6` | runtime | 3.6 |
| - | `0.5-cuda9.2-runtime-ubuntu16.04-gcc5-py3.7` | runtime | 3.7 |
| `cuda9.2-devel-ubuntu16.04` | `0.5-cuda9.2-devel-ubuntu16.04-gcc5-py3.6` | devel | 3.6 |
| - | `0.5-cuda9.2-devel-ubuntu16.04-gcc5-py3.7` | devel | 3.7 |

**CUDA 10.0**

| Short Tags | Full Tag | Image Type | Python Version |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| `cuda10.0-base-ubuntu16.04` | `0.5-cuda10.0-base-ubuntu16.04-gcc5-py3.6` | base | 3.6 |
| - | `0.5-cuda10.0-base-ubuntu16.04-gcc5-py3.7` | base | 3.7 |
| `cuda10.0-runtime-ubuntu16.04` | `0.5-cuda10.0-runtime-ubuntu16.04-gcc5-py3.6` | runtime | 3.6 |
| - | `0.5-cuda10.0-runtime-ubuntu16.04-gcc5-py3.7` | runtime | 3.7 |
| `cuda10.0-devel-ubuntu16.04` | `0.5-cuda10.0-devel-ubuntu16.04-gcc5-py3.6` | devel | 3.6 |
| - | `0.5-cuda10.0-devel-ubuntu16.04-gcc5-py3.7` | devel | 3.7 |

#### Ubuntu 18.04

All `ubuntu18.04` images use `gcc 7.3`

**CUDA 9.2**

| Short Tags | Full Tag | Image Type | Python Version |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| `cuda9.2-base-ubuntu18.04` | `0.5-cuda9.2-base-ubuntu18.04-gcc7-py3.6` | base | 3.6 |
| - | `0.5-cuda9.2-base-ubuntu18.04-gcc7-py3.7` | base | 3.7 |
| `cuda9.2-runtime-ubuntu18.04` | `0.5-cuda9.2-runtime-ubuntu18.04-gcc7-py3.6` | runtime | 3.6 |
| - | `0.5-cuda9.2-runtime-ubuntu18.04-gcc7-py3.7` | runtime | 3.7 |
| `cuda9.2-devel-ubuntu18.04` | `0.5-cuda9.2-devel-ubuntu18.04-gcc7-py3.6` | devel | 3.6 |
| - | `0.5-cuda9.2-devel-ubuntu18.04-gcc7-py3.7` | devel | 3.7 |

**CUDA 10.0**

| Short Tags | Full Tag | Image Type | Python Version |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| `cuda10.0-base-ubuntu18.04` | `0.5-cuda10.0-base-ubuntu18.04-gcc7-py3.6` | base | 3.6 |
| - | `0.5-cuda10.0-base-ubuntu18.04-gcc7-py3.7` | base | 3.7 |
| `cuda10.0-runtime-ubuntu18.04` | `0.5-cuda10.0-runtime-ubuntu18.04-gcc7-py3.6` | runtime | 3.6 |
| - | `0.5-cuda10.0-runtime-ubuntu18.04-gcc7-py3.7` | runtime | 3.7 |
| `cuda10.0-devel-ubuntu18.04` | `0.5-cuda10.0-devel-ubuntu18.04-gcc7-py3.6` | devel | 3.6 |
| - | `0.5-cuda10.0-devel-ubuntu18.04-gcc7-py3.7` | devel | 3.7 |

#### CentOS 7

All `centos7` images use `gcc 7.3`

**CUDA 9.2**

| Short Tags | Full Tag | Image Type | Python Version |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| `cuda9.2-base-centos7` | `0.5-cuda9.2-base-centos7-gcc7-py3.6` | base | 3.6 |
| - | `0.5-cuda9.2-base-centos7-gcc7-py3.7` | base | 3.7 |
| `cuda9.2-runtime-centos7` | `0.5-cuda9.2-runtime-centos7-gcc7-py3.6` | runtime | 3.6 |
| - | `0.5-cuda9.2-runtime-centos7-gcc7-py3.7` | runtime | 3.7 |
| `cuda9.2-devel-centos7` | `0.5-cuda9.2-devel-centos7-gcc7-py3.6` | devel | 3.6 |
| - | `0.5-cuda9.2-devel-centos7-gcc7-py3.7` | devel | 3.7 |

**CUDA 10.0**

| Short Tags | Full Tag | Image Type | Python Version |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| `cuda10.0-base-centos7` | `0.5-cuda10.0-base-centos7-gcc7-py3.6` | base | 3.6 |
| - | `0.5-cuda10.0-base-centos7-gcc7-py3.7` | base | 3.7 |
| `cuda10.0-runtime-centos7` | `0.5-cuda10.0-runtime-centos7-gcc7-py3.6` | runtime | 3.6 |
| - | `0.5-cuda10.0-runtime-centos7-gcc7-py3.7` | runtime | 3.7 |
| `cuda10.0-devel-centos7` | `0.5-cuda10.0-devel-centos7-gcc7-py3.6` | devel | 3.6 |
| - | `0.5-cuda10.0-devel-centos7-gcc7-py3.7` | devel | 3.7 |

### RAPIDS 0.4 Images

**NOTE:** This release uses *non-standard* lables but have been kept for legacy users.

#### Ubuntu 16.04

All `ubuntu16.04` images use `gcc 5.4`

**CUDA 9.2**

| Full Tag | Image Type | Python Version | Notes |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| `cuda9.2_ubuntu16.04` | runtime | 3.5 | `jupyter` user by default |
| `cuda9.2_ubuntu16.04_root` | runtime | 3.5 | `root` user by default |

**CUDA 10.0**

| Full Tag | Image Type | Python Version | Notes |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| `cuda10.0_ubuntu16.04` | runtime | 3.5 | `jupyter` user by default |
| `cuda10.0_ubuntu16.04_root` | runtime | 3.5 | `root` user by default |
